Hi, my name is Kate and I am a year nine people here at River School. I'm studying maths,
science and English with everyone else, but I've chosen German this year because I like
learning languages and I want to go on holiday to Germany next year with my family.
I'm a member of the language club. We're learning Chinese and we have a teacher from China
at our school this year. I'm also a member of the tennis team and I practice every Wednesday
afternoon after school. We have matches on Saturday mornings. Last year we were the best
team so this year we must try hard to stay the best.
Hi, I'm Pete. I'm a student here at River School too but I'm in Year 10. This year I'm
taking maths, science and English like everyone else but I've chosen geography as my special
subject because I'm really interested in other places and I want to travel a lot in the future.
I'm a member of the language club so I can learn more languages that will help when I travel.
I'm also a member of the chess club. I've played chess since I was in primary school and I'm
the best player in the school. I plan to win all my chess matches next year. I'm not so good at
sport but I go to football practice on Wednesday afternoons to stay fit and healthy.